DOCSP-46181: Clarify TLS CA file information (#82)
mongodb/docs-c: source/connect/tls.txt

         :end-before: end-connect-ca-file-uri
         :dedent:

.. note::

>    If you're compiling against the Windows Native TLS library, you don't need to
>    explicitly specify the location of a CA file. If you don't specify a CA file, the driver
>    will use the Windows Certificate Store. To learn more, see the :ref:`c-native-tls`
>    section of this guide.

Reviewer: Suggestion: 
```suggestion
   If you don't specify a CA file when compiling against the Windows Native TLS library, the driver
   will use the Windows Certificate Store. To learn more, see the :ref:`c-native-tls`
   section of this guide.
```
